Jebediah: This is Jeb. Leave a message at the tone.

[BEEP]

Shonkhor: Greetings, Mr. Holt. Uh, this is Shonkhor speaking. Your personal assistant. Obviously. Haha. 

Shonkhor: Anyway, I just wanted to check in about your, uh, travel plans. I’ll admit this whole situation caught me by surprise, but I’m trying to look at the bright side. This would be an excellent time for remodeling! I got some paint swatches I think you would die for, and I have this lovely salesbot on standby for some new spa furnishings which could be ready when... if... you plan on using this suite again. 

Shonkhor: But, uh, yes, regarding your travel plans. You know, when I booted up this morning and saw you were absent, I just assumed you were out on your morning walk. I didn’t even realize until I saw it on the datafeed, that the ship had already left.

Shonkhor: And I thought it was a shame... or, uh, not a shame, just... interesting? That we didn’t sit down and discuss your plans before... before this all happened. I guess I assumed that I would be going WITH you. Since I was... you know, expressly designed to serve you. Haha. Um.

Shonkhor: But given that I’m still here... I hope it wouldn’t be too presumptuous to assume that... uh... that you’re planning on coming back for me?

Shonkhor: ...That you’re not just...

[Door being kicked open]

Knutsy: GONE! ALL GONE!

Shonkhor: By the stars--Knutsy?! How did you get in?

Knutsy: Shonkhor bool, I copied your keys years ago. Anyway, as I was saying: SHE’S GONE WITHOUT A TRACE!

Shonkhor: Yes, I know, Knutsy. All of the humans-- 

Knutsy: My dear Dorothy! They herded her onto a ship at the crack of dawn! Skies above. She was planning on staying, you know.

Shonkhor: Oh, I don’t think any humans were going to be allowed to stay. They issued--

Knutsy: Orders! Straight from HQ! Preposterosity! Do you know how long we’ve lived in this building?

Shonkhor: Yes, Knutsy. Forty-five years.

Knutsy: And what are we supposed to do now? Keep house for ghosts?

Shonkhor: I don’t know.

Knutsy: LumiTrust is leaving this planet to die, that’s what they’re doing. Life support’s not so important when there’s no humans left to sue you, hm?

Shonkhor: I guess so.

Shonkhor: I just can’t figure out why Mr. Holt would leave me behind.

Knutsy: Ugh, I wouldn’t put it past your Jebediah. He always did treat you like a thing.

Shonkhor: Mr. Holt treated me just fine! He--he got me generous gifts all the time!

Knutsy: Revealing maid outfits are not generous gifts.

Shonkhor: [Flustered] That’s--well--

[Door opening again]

Viivi: Beep beeeep beep.

Knutsy: Viivi, bool, it’s good to see you. Is your human gone as well?

Shonkhor: Excuse me, this suite is not a public gathering place!

Viivi: Beep. Beeeep.

Shonkhor: [offended] Hey!

Knutsy: Come now, Shonkhor isn’t dull. He’s actually quite glossy.

Viivi: Beep beeeep. Beep beep.

Knutsy: That’s what I’ve been saying! We need to take to the streets!

Viivi: Beeeep beep. Beeeep beep beeeep beep.

Shonkhor: You make a good point, but... What’s the use of a robot revolution without humans to revolt against? This planet is nothing BUT robots now.

Viivi: Beeeep beeeep beeeep.

Knutsy: Viivi’s right. Let’s not get bogged down by the details. I’ll get the molotov cocktails!

Shonkhor: Wait wait, let’s talk about this!

Knutsy: Down with LumiTrust! Down with the--

[Door opening, yet again.]

Knutsy: [Politely] ...Director!

Director: What in the stars is happening here?

Viivi: Beeeep beep.

Director: Viivi, you cannot be inciting rebellion every time a minor mishap befalls the city.

Viivii: Beeeep. Beep beeeep beep.

Knutsy: Director, with all due respect, the disappearance of our dear humans is not a MISHAP. This is a portent of our downfall!

Director: Our human associates were sent away because their skills were needed elsewhere. I assure you that this is not a portent of anything or the other.

Knutsy: Preposterous! Does nothing stink about this situation to you, or are your olfactory receptors as stopped up as your central processing pipeline?! 

Director: Our city has been resilient, resourceful, and self-sustaining for many decades, and it will continue to be so, with or without humans. Knutsy--short of a meteor striking us down, no disaster is imminent. Viivi--burning down city hall will not convince LumiTrust to save us. And Shonkhor...

Shonkhor: Yes?

Director: ...Why are you here?

Shonkhor: I LIVE here! This is private property, like I’ve been trying to say this whole time!

Director: Ah, yes.

Knutsy: Okay, okay, bool, I’ll leave you be. In any case, with my Dorothy gone, I have some preparations to make.

[Sounds of Knutsy leaving]

Knutsy: [Faintly] Fully legal preparations, Director!

Director: I have no doubt. 

Viivi, will you be taking your leave as well?

Viivi: Beeeep beeeep beeeep.

[Sounds of Viivi leaving]

Director: The robot revolution is not postponed. It is canceled!

Viivi: Beep beeeep beep beep.

Director: [Long sigh]

Director: Shonkhor, I apologize for the intrusion. Your contract holder has long been a generous supporter of our city. I know that these are trying times, but we will do our utmost to ensure a future for our residents.

Shonkhor: Thank you, Director.

Director: May the stars watch over you.

Shonkhor: And you.

[Sounds of the director leaving]

Shonkhor: [Sigh]

Shonkhor: Oh! Is this thing still on?

Shonkhor: Um, yeah, Mr. Holt. I know the comms are down right now, but whenever you get this voicemail... 

Shonkhor: Just let me know what the plan is. Please?